3	Turns blocks into entities.
3	Livyatan
3	Awakened Lichblade
3	Also for decoration.
3	Slumbering Lichblade
3	Tainted Relic
3	Toggles rain/storm.
3	Your journey begins with a blade. Knives are used to harvest Straw from grass and process food.
3	Harvested from Magebloom Crops.
3	Mutant Monsters are twisted versions of vanilla mobs with terrifying new abilities. Can you survive?
3	Caelestis
3	Can be given to other players.
3	Twisted Blade
3	Chompolotl
3	Complete the quest Tasks to earn rewards.
3	This chapter will guide you through the mod.
3	Watching Warglaive
3	Molten Edge
3	Runic Tablet
3	The Twilight Forest is a magical dimension filled with unique bosses, structures, and treasures. Every corner holds a new mystery!
3	Potions that restore Mana.
3	Watcher Claymore
3	Mjolnir
3	Enigma
3	Arcanethyst
3	Righteous Relic
3	Terminal
3	Toxic Longsword
3	Brimstone Claymore
2	Simply Swords
2	Refined Storage
2	Tutorial
2	Immersive Engineering
2	Mekanism
2	Immersive Aircraft
2	Flux Networks
2	Ars Nouveau
2	This charm is your only hope of withstanding the sound that shatters bones.
2	The first step for every chef: forge the basic tools. Knives allow harvesting straw from grass and carving carcasses.
2	Transform your wild finds into cultivable seeds.
2	Organic compost transforms into Rich Soil. This soil grows plants twice as fast and does not require water.
2	Flour, dough, and pie crust. The foundation of all desserts.
2	Store your harvests compactly.
2	These meals are eaten from bowls and provide massive saturation bonuses.
2	Practical items for the farm: rope for climbing, net for falls.
2	Cook for your animals!
2	Tatami and straw decoration.
2	When placed in front of the Encased Fan this allows it to haunt items.\n\nNotably sand into soul sand.
2	Creeper
2	To begin your magical journey, you'll need to discover the basics of this powerful magic.
2	Allows for movement of structures linearly using rotational force.
2	Make sure you have at least one piece of Gold armor to avoid being attacked by Piglins immediately.
2	A more configurable chute.
2	Emberblade
2	Chutes are used to transfer between inventories vertically.
2	Bramblethorn
2	The Enchanting Apparatus allows infusing items with magic.
2	Become a battle mage. Complete the 'Iron's Spells' chapter to master RPG-style spellcasting with scrolls, spellbooks and devastating combat spells.
2	A filter that can filter by attributes like "can be smelted" or "from Create".
2	Allows for contraptions that move across gantries.
2	The Gearbox is sort of like an extension cord, but for shafts where it can change the direction of the shafts and can have more than one shaft attached in a different side of the gearbox. A vertical gearbox also exists.
2	You know those hydraulic presses in real life? This is basically it. Don't put your hand under it.
2	Weighted Ejectors can throw items accuratly long distances.
2	It's just a seat, nothing more, nothing less. But if you're in a moving contraption, might as well glue it to the contraption so you can sit and move along with it. Don't superglue yourself to the seat.
2	Allows for the creation of contraptions that move up and down.
2	When placed in front of the Encased Fan this allows it to smoke items.
2	An item that allows for increased reach.
2	A multi-block structure that lets you store large amounts of energy.
2	Flamewind
2	Crafts plates into rods and rods into wires.
2	Soulpyre
2	A block that allows input and output of inventories 1 item at a time.\n\nOne thing not mentioned by the ponder is that the funnel can drop items on the ground when placed on an inventory and will only keep 1 item on the ground if it's close enough to the block the item lands on.
2	All of Create is based around Create, obviously, a steampunk mod that lets you build contraptions to do most things you can think of, just not how to do your laundry nor your homework, okay?
2	Because of this, the chapter is mostly focused on letting you know what exists and giving you a rough outline of the progression of the mod, but at the same time, it will not handhold you all the way to the end since Create is a free for all sandbox mechanic mod. Get building and be smarter.
2	Generates energy(E) from kinetic energy, the amount generated is dependent on the rpm and caps at 256E/t
2	Wither
2	Magispear
2	When placed in front of the Encased Fan this allows it to wash items.\n\nNotably soul sand into nether quartz.
2	Connectors insert/extract energy from/into blocks and wires are used to connect between connectors.
2	Thunderbrand
2	The pinnacle of magical power!
2	Whisperwind
2	Magiblade
2	Set your home as a starting point
2	Ribboncleaver
2	Remove a claim from a chunk
2	Soulrender
2	Something has gone terribly wrong with these creatures. Face the mutations or face annihilation.
2	Construisez un cadre en Glowstone et versez de l'eau.
2	Icewhisper
2	Since most blocks in Create don't allow for manual extraction and insertion of liquids these pipes are rather useful.\n\nCan also be used to create infinite water by extracting from a source-block that has 2 source-blocks adjacent to it.
2	Allows for contraptions that rotate around a point in space, particularly useful for farms.
2	A basic filter.
2	Sunfire
2	Ever wanted to pipe liquids into your blaze burners? Just hand them a straw and they'll slurp it straight from the pipe.\n\nYou can press 'U' on the straw to see what liquids it accepts as well as burn times.
2	An upgrade to the andesite tunnel allowing more configurability in how to deal with items.
2	Allows for contraptions that traverse rails in the same way minecarts do.
2	Return to your home
2	An upgraded version of the Copper Diving Boots.
2	Enderman
2	Prove that you can manipulate the mathematical reality of the world.
2	As the name implies this item allows you to glue blocks together. Perticularly useful when making contraptions. Good thing we don't have fingers or the glue will stick to our hands... wait.
2	Okay, I may be exaggerating a little, but redstone also plays a vital role to Create that the blocks in here make redstone contraptions more compact but also a bit more complicated, have fun studying.
2	the key is inside a chest outside the boss arena or you can craft
2	The main block used for bulk fluid storage.
2	Some fluids can be infinity extracted from the world as long as the pool the hose pulley is extracting from contains 10000 or more source blocks.\n\nYou can search in REI for the fluids that apply using by typing "$create:bottomless"
2	Terminoloy:\n\nStress Units(SU) a number that describes how much stress something generates or requires to run.\n\n
2	Tampered Remnant
2	Shadowsting
2	Harbinger
2	Storms Edge
2	Runic Grimoire
2	A simple machine with massive potential. Can place blocks but also use items on blocks/entities.
2	Deny a teleport request
2	Cogwheels are used to either increase rotational speed or to extend contraptions depending on the way they're facing. Play around with the sizes of the cogwheels and see what you can make out of them.
2	"A fancier rope pulley"\n\nAllows for the creation of elevators.
2	A multi-block item storage that can't be accessed manually. Not even a door can open it.
2	Obtained from Bartering. Needed for Respawn Anchors.
2	Soulstealer
2	Teleport someone to you
2	When placed in front of the Encased Fan this allows it to blast items.
2	Stormbringer
2	Claim an entire chunk
2	It's time to create your first spell!
2	Diamond Halberd
2	Some knowledge of Ars Ocultas (or Elemental) should not be discovered.
2	Binding souls, manipulating life and death... This is the next step.
2	Arts Interdits (Ocultas)
2	Wickpiercer
2	Waking Lichblade
2	Smithing Table
2	Tunnels are used to manage the flow of items on belts.
2	Copycat blocks allow you to make steps and panels out of things that typically cannot take those shapes.
2	Induction Casing
2	Ice Rune
2	If you're having trouble with claim commands, there's a simpler alternative! Open your inventory and look for the "FTB Chunk Claim Manager" icon in the top left. Click it to open the GUI that will let you manage your claims easily.
2	Decaying Relic
2	Speedometer
2	Hearthflame
2	Fire Rune
2	Le Seuil Interdit
2	Wraithfang
2	A motor that converts energy(E) into kinetic energy(SU) at any rpm.
2	A more advanced funnel that allows for filtering and higher stack sizes.
2	Sticks to blocks when powered by redstone.
2	View your claimed chunks
2	Allows for multiple paralell rotational outputs.
2	Hypertube
2	Crusher
2	Seashelf
2	Accept a teleport request
2	Emberlash
2	Take to the skies!
2	The heart of technology in Arcadia. Complete the 'All of Create' chapter to master kinetic energy, automation and mechanical contraptions. Foundation of the entire tech branch.
2	Return to your last location
2	Inverted World
2	Send a teleport request
2	Enter The Otherside
2	Enchanting beyond limits. Complete the 'Apothic Enchanting' chapter to unlock powerful bookshelves, enchantment extraction and legendary-tier enchantments.
2	Tempest
2	Holy Rune
2	Soulkeeper
2	Go to the world spawn point
2	Stars Edge
2	Can display text or numbers. This would be useful in making elevators too.
2	Set your spawn point in the Nether. NEEDS GLOWSTONE CHARGES!
2	Nether Bed
2	Hiveheart
2	Ressource Sombre
2	Waxweaver
2	Magiscythe
2	Worm Farm
2	Neptunium Helmet
2	The deep awaits
2	Neptunium Chestplate
2	Box Turtle — From arctic waters to tropical seas — every body of water hides something special.
2	Swamp Fish
2	Tackle Box
2	Aquatic treasures.
2	Soul Stone (Ocultas/Elemental)
2	Any Cogwheel
2	Continue
2	Any Mechanical Piston
2	Spell Turret (Technica Representation)
2	The depths await
2	Tales from the depths
2	Hit the jackpot
2	Reward: 800 XP.
